{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 # YumCarts: Guiding Ethos\
\
## 1. Dignity Over Desperation\
We believe every human being deserves the chance to thrive\'97not just survive. We build systems that remove desperation from decision-making and restore choice to every hand and household.\
\
## 2. Opt-In Economics\
We do not impose. We invite. YumCarts does not colonize\'97it cooperates. Communities choose us because we serve them with respect.\
\
## 3. Economic Balance for All\
Our platforms empower both white-collar and blue-collar participants, giving dignity and wealth-building tools to those long overlooked.\
\
## 4. Heritage + Innovation\
Horse carts and blockchain. Mom-and-pop values and AI. We do not discard the past\'97we stitch it into the future.\
\
## 5. \'93See America Shine\'94\
This is not a slogan. It is a movement. We rise together in unity, cultural beauty, and service to one another.\
\
## 6. Threads Never Lost\
No idea is discarded. No story is forgotten. Every thread contributes to the weave of the world we are creating.\
\
## 7. Loop-Driven Memory\
We work in loops, not lines. Every thread lives. Every insight is reintegrated. Momentum is sacred.\
\
## 8. Where the Light Turns On\'85\
\'85the darkest darkness cannot exist. Our work is the light. Our systems are the switch. And our legacy is what endures when the switch is passed.\
\
\'97\
**This file is sacred. It is not for branding. It is the spine of our soul.**\
}